Add indexer setup to the infrastructure scripts (#422)
scale-it/algo-builder: infrastructure/README.md

2. `indexer-docker-down`: Stops and removes indexer related container and images.

**NOTE:** Docker based setup runs indexer in a "[read-only](https://github.com/algorand/indexer/blob/develop/docker/run.sh#L10)" mode, without connecting to the private-net `algod` node. Read more about this mode [here](https://github.com/algorand/indexer#read-only).

### Installation on local

The Indexer primarily provides two services: loading a PostgreSQL database with ledger data and supplying a REST API to search this ledger data. For this purpose, setting up indexer on local consists of two steps:
1.  `make setup-postgresql`: Setting up [`postgresql`](https://www.postgresql.org/) database on your local machine.
2. `make setup-indexer`: Start indexer by connecting to local-db and your private-net algod node.

#### Step1: Setup postgres-db

For this we provide `make setup-postgresql` command. Running it will [install](https://www.postgresql.org/download/linux/ubuntu/) postgresql database on your system and setup a new user & database. Config vars are provided below:
```
host=localhost
port=5432
username=algorand
dbname=pgdb
password=indexer
```

> Please note that this installation is currently compatible with `linux based` distributions only. For other OS, try the installation from [source](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this installation is currently compatible with Linux based distributions only. For other OS, check [postresql documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).
```

#### Step2: Start Indexer

> **Note:** Make sure you have setup a private network up and running (using `make setup-private-net`). For more instructions check [setting up a local node](./#setting-up-a-local-node) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Make sure you have setup a private network up and running (using `make setup-private-net` or Sandbox). For more instructions check [setting up a local node](./#setting-up-a-local-node) section.
```

> After setting up the database, you can use `make setup-indexer` to add local indexer binary (downloaded in `~/indexer`) and start the indexer by connecting to database and your local algod node.

Reviewer: aren't we using `.algorand-indexer`? If not, shall we use a directory with algorand in name? Eg: ~/.algorand-indexer-download

Author: `~/.algorand-indexer-download` works. Updating.
